FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY

This application was developed to streamline the plagiarism screening process offered by the
Measure Of Software Similarity (MOSS) system created by Alex Aiken in 1994. All Security and Legal
agreements made by using the MOSS system continues to apply to you, the end user. For more
information on the underlying infrastructure, visit:

        http://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/

Moss limitations:
    Moss will only display the top 250 matches.
    Moss reports expire after 10 days.

The goal of this application was to allow instructors to bulk compare code from past classes with
that of current student submissions to find cases of potential academic dishonesty while filtering
out erroneous noise and accounting for the pair-programing environment widely used today.

Matches detected using the moss system do not immediately imply plagiarism, but help guide
defenders of academic honesty towards possible cases to inspect. Other factors to consider include
similarities introduced from base files provided by the instructor, similarities arising due to
taught preferences, and almost complete matches between students due to partnerships or pair-
programming. Each of these issues can be addressed, however, through features implemented by
moss itself, or by this filtration system (adding base files, setting an ignore limit, supplying
a partner list).

Developed by the Informatics and Computer Science 31 Course Manager at the University of
California, Irvine under the supervision of the course's Professor, Professor Shannon Alfaro, in
2019 (and continuing support and development).

For further information, bug-reports, feature suggestions, inquiries, or anything else, please
contact the developer at:


    31-manager@ics.uci.edu


Supporting Libraries:

Rudimentary moss integration with python, mosspy, developed and maintained by soachishti
(soachishti@outlook.com) at https://github.com/soachishti/moss.py. Certain methods have been re-
written to fit the gui workflow.

HTML templates handled by jinja2, developed and maintained by Armin Ronacher
(armin.ronacher@active-4.com) at http://jinja.pocoo.org.